Add `osu!(lazer) Updates: July 18, 2024` news post (#11780)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-07-19-osu-lazer-updates-july-18-2024.md

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/edit-externally.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

- **Exported maps made in osu!(lazer) should no longer be broken if they are imported to osu!(stable).** This is yet another step that's making mapping in osu!(lazer) closer to reality.
- **Hexagonal and circular options have been added to the snap grid.** Expanding on the snap grid editing change made last month, more options have been added which will make the mapping journey easier for both veteran and newbie mappers.
- **Various improvements have been made to the editor UI.** Long story short, timelines have been slightly reduced, colours for timing points and kiai's have been changed, and tooltips on hover have been added to make it clear to newer players what each marker and highlighted section in the timeline mean.

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/editor-tooltip.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> ## Other changes

Reviewer: the new mod customisation overlay seems missing. it's a fairly large ui change

Author: er i can write something about that it just felt complicated for me after watching the video

Author: done feel free to submit edits for it

- **The ruleset selector has new samples, and some UI samples got refreshed.** See if you can spot the UI samples that got changed!

<div align="center" class="osu-md__paragraph">
    <video width="95%" controls>
        <source src="https://assets.ppy.sh/media/news/sound-comparison.mp4" type="video/mp4" preload="none">
    </video>
</div>

> - **New "No Release" mod has been added to osu!mania.** This is effectively relax for osu!mania, completely removing the accuracy judgment from slider ends in gameplay.

Reviewer: i don't think the comparison makes sense

```suggestion
- **New "No Release" mod has been added to osu!mania.** This makes osu!mania hold notes work like some other VSRGs, completely removing the accuracy judgement from releases. It's also the same way sliders work in the osu! game mode.
```

> - **The colour of the mod multiplier has been changed to match the mod icon background.** If a mod is increasing difficulty, the mod multiplier will now be red, and if the mod is decreasing difficulty, the mod multiplier will be green.

Reviewer: this seems very minor?

Author: i felt like the change was worth covering since it strays away from what ppl are used to but yea it is very minor
